The Chen family is a big family in Beijing.
You have to grasp it well
Mom and Dad, I already have Raymond Lam
You don't need to introduce me to a blind date.
Oh, this Chen Shao is much richer than this Lin Feng
Really
That's natural
My Chen family's asset ranking in this province
That's one of the best.
I am a real rich second generation
If you are a rich second generation
Then I am your father.
What is the rich generation?
What if Chen Tiansheng is really richer than Raymond Lam?
Brother Feng, I have something to deal with today.
Why don't you go back first?
Pfeiffer
If you let go of me, this towering tree
But I can't report it anymore.
I I
That's not what I meant.
You can rest assured
There is no one richer than me in this world
snort
Arrogant sister-in-law
You know there are people outside of you
There is always someone better
Uncle Li
Your daughter's looks are quite to my liking.
Why not contact them first?
Oh, of course you can
Hahahaha
By the way, you said
This is my special commission
Dahongpao tea leaves picked from mother trees in Wuyi Mountain
Value 5 million
Ouch
This is a meeting gift.